---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---

# In-class Reflection

The in-class Git exercise was a solid hands-on way to really get comfortable with version control. Setting up the repo and making commits was pretty straightforward, but branching and merging made me think more about how teams actually collaborate on projects. Seeing how git log --graph visualized the branches was cool, and dealing with merge conflicts was a good reminder that things don’t always go smoothly—you have to be careful and deliberate when resolving them. Also, jumping between branches and commits showed how Git tracks everything, which makes it way less scary to experiment. Overall, this was a great way to reinforce Git basics and feel more confident using it in real projects.

# Extension Reflection

The presentation of each team's browser extension were interesting. It was inspiring to see how different groups created different but equally interesting browser extensions. Some of them left a big impression on me. The Website Time Tracker extension created by team 3 was a very useful too to track how much time user spend on each tab. It is a very useful productivity tool. The Tomato Clock by team 9 impressed me with its great UI design. 

# Take-aways

[i-did-that extension](https://github.com/ossd-s25/i-did-that-extension.git)
This project was a great hands-on experience in both JavaScript and open-source development. While the coding part was relatively straightforward, I learned that there’s much more to an open-source project than just writing code—things like image licensing, project documentation, and choosing the right license are just as important. Creating a custom icon and dealing with licensing challenges pushed me to think beyond traditional coding tasks. It was also my first real exposure to JavaScript, and while I still have a lot to learn, this project (along with my personal Chrome extension) has made me much more confident in both GitHub workflows and picking up new technologies quickly.